README.md, before:

# Online Logical Lallacy Detectors, Datasets and Tools

## Online Logical Lallacy Detectors

Logical fallacy online detector tools available:

- Twitter bot https://twitter.com/falldetector1 detects logical fallacies in tweets
- Twitter bot https://twitter.com/Makesensenews1 posts daily news and weekly analysis on australian news based on logical fallacies concentration in tweet comments
- MakeSense Alexa skill

Please see for more details: https://www.logical-fallacy.com/logical-fallacies-detectors/

List of logical fallacies this AI can detect (with some probability): https://www.logical-fallacy.com/list-of-logical-fallacies/

List of all articles and news: https://www.logical-fallacy.com/post/

## Logical Fallacy Dataset by causalNLP

New research paper on logical fallacy detection AI has been recently (mid-2022) published ("Logical Fallacy Detection" by Zhijing Jin and others) and as a part of it an interesting dataset of scraped from the internet logical fallacy examples has become available.

### Original Logical Fallacy Dataset

The folder https://github.com/tmakesense/logical-fallacy/tree/main/original-logical-fallacy-by-causalNLP contains original repo & dataset dataset with annotated examples of logical fallacies for training ML model.
The repo is from: https://github.com/causalNLP/logical-fallacy, of date: 6 September 2022.

### Fixed Logical Fallacy Dataset

There is quite a lot of fixes required to make it work better, in detail described in https://www.logical-fallacy.com/articles/dataset-review/,
first of all - cleaning and fixing the dataset.

More then 100 entries were updated or plainly removed.
The fixed version of the dataset is in https://github.com/tmakesense/logical-fallacy/tree/main/dataset-fixed

## Logical Fallacies bot

https://github.com/hovancik/logical-fallacies-bot

Is actually not detecting but describing logical fallacies on reddit.  You type keyword sequence in comments and bot generates a post.

## Client Libraries

Here we will publish client libraries

Todo:
  * Native App
  * Chart tool
  * Random tool

Commit message:

added ref to android logical fallacy detector app

README.md, after:

# Online Logical Lallacy Detectors, Datasets and Tools

## Online Logical Lallacy Detectors

Logical fallacy online detector tools available:

- Android App Logical Fallacy Detector (https://www.logical-fallacy.com/articles/detector-android-app/) available on google playstore: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.logical_fallacy.app_detector
- Twitter bot https://twitter.com/falldetector1 detects logical fallacies in tweets
- Twitter bot https://twitter.com/Makesensenews1 posts daily news and weekly analysis on australian news based on logical fallacies concentration in tweet comments
- MakeSense Alexa skill

Please see for more details: https://www.logical-fallacy.com/logical-fallacies-detectors/

List of logical fallacies this AI can detect (with some probability): https://www.logical-fallacy.com/list-of-logical-fallacies/

List of all articles and news: https://www.logical-fallacy.com/post/

## Logical Fallacy Dataset by causalNLP

New research paper on logical fallacy detection AI has been recently (mid-2022) published ("Logical Fallacy Detection" by Zhijing Jin and others) and as a part of it an interesting dataset of scraped from the internet logical fallacy examples has become available.

### Original Logical Fallacy Dataset

The folder https://github.com/tmakesense/logical-fallacy/tree/main/original-logical-fallacy-by-causalNLP contains original repo & dataset dataset with annotated examples of logical fallacies for training ML model.
The repo is from: https://github.com/causalNLP/logical-fallacy, of date: 6 September 2022.

### Fixed Logical Fallacy Dataset

There is quite a lot of fixes required to make it work better, in detail described in https://www.logical-fallacy.com/articles/dataset-review/,
first of all - cleaning and fixing the dataset.

More then 100 entries were updated or plainly removed.
The fixed version of the dataset is in https://github.com/tmakesense/logical-fallacy/tree/main/dataset-fixed

## Logical Fallacies bot

https://github.com/hovancik/logical-fallacies-bot

Is actually not detecting but describing logical fallacies on reddit. You type keyword sequence in comments and bot generates a post.

## Client Libraries

Here we will publish client libraries

Todo:

- IOS Native App
- Chart tool
- Random tool
